good sex is good what's up you guys so
we did see here uh this is uh somewhat
of an unboxing on the watch my pod the
razer onza that I just got today this I
hit my unboxing earlier when I actually
removed it from the package and stuff
just completely one open and Sony Vegas
I don't know why so basically I'm just
going to showing you guys what happened
what you get when you unbox it besides
the controller what's inside so right
right here and I'm commentating over
this because my mic failed on my own
thing so you have the manual stickers
cigarettes and you got the owners manual
thing and I'm like the like some stupid
does new matter it's just like a bunch
of languages so first you're gonna have
a just going to show you all the buttons
and lay out some stuff which ones
reformat a bowl and then you have if you
want to connect to your pc then you have
how to that sweet format then you have
how to like trims resistance on the
thumbsticks and ask that and the other
stuff
Center that's just the box its that's
just what it looks like and of course
this is the tournament edition so yeah I
paid a hundred dollars for mine I got
mine early it comes out like April
eighteenth so you guys can go on amazon
com right here I'm just showing you guys
the controller it has a very grippy feel
and it has like a little design it kind
of like a treyarch design if you kind of
look at it in the middle looks somewhat
like a watching Paul design now you can
tell like the shape of the controller is
different compared to the original xbox
controller thumbsticks are more raised
than the actual original actual original
the original xbox controllers so it has
that feel as if you have FPS freeks then
that's the resistance basically I'm just
showing you that how loose it is and I I
tighten it all the way right here and
you can see I like stiff a guy I said
God so the resistance basically I'm just
going to write everything the controller
itself so far has a has a 10 out of 10
the resistance the resistant adjustable
resistant thumbsticks things it gives a
10 out of 10 and I'm just showing you
like my settings that i have it's a
loosen it all the way and then tighten
it eleven klicks to the right I just
farted but it was silent Oh
I think I proved my pants no I'm just
kidding I took a poop in my pants uh
right here the triggers are amazing if
you play paintball it's it feels just
like the just like that paintball pretty
much just feels exactly the paintball
toria then you have the to the four
bumpers microdrum I'm focuses the top
left bumper is for switching weapons and
at the top right is for reloading and
obviously the bottom lb and I repeated
the same things you can see that's a
trigger the trigger design is different
too as well and then the buttons are low
profile so this response time is just
phenomenal then you have the epad it's
not so clunky it's easy it that you
don't press right if you mean to go down
so let's go ahead and turn it on and
then hold on as you can see the a B X Y
buttons are backlit so that's I don't
even that's only on torment edition and
it has a braided cable so it doesn't get
tangled up but uh basically that's been
in somewhat of an unboxing basically
what you get when you open the box
itself what you get and what it is so
I'll have a review on this controller in
a day or two I got used to it
immediately it's I don't have any
problems with it so yeah if you guys
have any questions on this controller
just let me know in the comments below
and don't forget to thumbs up the video
and subscribe if you want to see more
call duty black ops gameplay with the
razer onza so yeah peace I guys you
cannot use the old type xbox mic jacks
you have to have one like this so you
can't use Triton's with this controller
a lot of people have not said that I
actually had the extra money to go buy a
headset because my ex my 720 pros are
just banged up to hell you cannot use
Triton's with this controller so I
suggest go picking up a pair of X 30
ones or X 11 s don't I don't waste your
money on the extra levin's i just bought
the x30 ones because the trustee they
have the sound quality is just amazing
so if you ever buy a new headset get the
EXO d ones if you have this controller
so yeah
guys